AI Engineering Intern Assignment

Overview:
Think of this as a real-world project where you need to solve a real world problem.
Project Description:
Train a model to solve classification problem.
Problem type: classification
Your first client is Pear Inc, a multinational company worried about its poor talent retention. Pear
has a peculiar hiring strategy. They offer free classes and hire the best students. The strategy is
working, but many new hires leave the company after a few months. This is a huge waste of
time and money.
In the past few months, they collected a dataset with information about their employees and
recorded whether they churned or not. Due to the churning period being so short, they are
confident that the history of each candidate is enough to predict the churn and the experience is
Pear is not relevant.
Gabriele, the Head of Talent, is counting on you to put a plug in this problem. And Fabio, an ML
Engineer and new colleague of yours, will be eyeing your work too!
Challenge 1
Pear Inc needs your help to figure out what makes an employee stick versus split. Craft a
Jupyter notebook to answer their question. Keep it simple enough for Gabriele but detailed
enough to dazzle Fabio.
Challenge 2
Next up, Pear Inc needs a crystal ball to foresee who will staty with them. Develop a model that
predicts employee churn, complete with churn probabilities to help Gabriele take timely action.
Remember, Gabriele&#39;s no fan of black-box machines, and Fabio&#39;s looking for proof that your
model&#39;s magic works.

Dataset:

Employee Churn Dataset (Download Here)
The dataset includes factors potentially influencing an individual&#39;s intention to leave their job.
It comprises sociodemographic variables and indicators of each candidate&#39;s past behavior. The
data were collected over a brief period, with each individual representing a single sample in the
dataset.
All variables, except the target, were gathered before the individual joined the company,
meaning company_size and company_type refer to the candidate&#39;s previous position.
Features
enrollee_id: Unique ID for candidate
city: City code
city_development_index: Development index of the city (scaled)
gender: Gender of candidate
relevant_experience: Relevant experience of candidate
enrolled_university: Type of University course enrolled if any
education_level: Education level of candidate
major_discipline: Education discipline of candidate
experience: Candidate total experience in years
company_size: Number of employees in current employer&#39;s company
company_type: Type of current employer
last_new_job: Difference in years between previous job and current job
training_hours: training hours completed
target: 0 – Not looking for job change, 1 – Looking for a job change
Timeline:
The estimated time for this assignment is 48 hours. Submit your completed Google Collab file /
Jupyter Notebook within the specified duration.
Evaluation:
Your submission will be evaluated based on:
● Your workflow
● How well you understand the problem and data
● The approach to the analysis and clarity of your conclusions
● How neat your code is (relative to your experience level)

Feel free to showcase your knowledge of Machine Learning and AI.
This is a sample assignment; demonstrate your creativity and problem-solving skills!
Good luck!